chore: readmes (#194)
sygmaprotocol/sygma-widget: README.md

# Sygma Widget UI

The Sygma Widget is a customizable frontend that leverages the `Sygma protocol` and can be integrated into any Dapp that uses either React or Lit as a framework. More information can be found in our [docs](https://docs.buildwithsygma.com/)

> This repository is divided into two packages. The [Widget](./packages/widget/) package is a Lit based webapp that allows you to have a widget for the `Sygma` protocol project as `web component`. The [React](./packages/react/) package is a wrapper around the Lit Widget that allows developers to use this application inside react projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is divided into two packages. The [Widget](./packages/widget/) package is a web component built using Lit framework that allows you to have a widget for the `Sygma` protocol project`. The [React](./packages/react/) package is a wrapper around the Lit Widget that allows developers to use this application inside react projects.
```

## Quick setup

```bash
yarn create vite my-dapp --template react-ts

> cd ./my-dapp

Reviewer 2: first time playing around with react. bear with me on any beginner questions/issues @wainola 😅 
once i cd into my-dapp, i get a usage error, which i get around by `touch yarn.lock` inside my-dapp. after that i am able to follow the rest of this setup. 
not sure if this is a commonly known thing for dependency management

yarn install

> yarn add @buildwithsygma/sygmaprotocol-react-widget @buildwithsygma/sygma-sdk-core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn add @buildwithsygma/sygmaprotocol-react-widget
```

yarn dev
```

## How to integrate

Check respective READMES to follow instructions on how to integrate the Widget into your codebase. 

* for web component based projects, you can directly install, import and use the Widget. You can find further instructions [here](./packages/widget/README.md)
* for React based projects, please refer to this [README](./packages/react/README.md) file to get further instructions
* a react example is provided [here](/examples/react-widget-app/) for a more detailed reference

### Configuration through props

You can pass props to the Widget to customize the behaviour of the Widget. You can find the complete reference of the properties avialable [here](./packages/widget/src/widget.ts). Below there is an example passing props to whitelist the source and destination network in the react component:

```ts
import { SygmaProtocolReactWidget } from "@buildwithsygma/sygmaprotocol-react-widget";

function MyDapp() {

>   const [count, setCount] = useState(0);

Reviewer 3: remove count and maybe use react properties for passing down to sygma widget

Author: 😄 missed that good catch

Author: done
